Adding content to 134-strace.md (#1892)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/102-devops/content/102-managing-servers/101-live-in-terminal/134-strace.md

> 
> # Strace
> 
> `Strace` is an useful diagnsotic,debugging tool for unix based operating systems. It traces the system calls and signals a processs uses during its lifetime.And usually returns the name of the each system calls , its arguments and what it returned.
> 
>     ❯ strace ls
>     execve("/usr/bin/ls", ["ls"], 0x7fffd65d8360 /* 52 vars */) = 0
>     brk(NULL)                               = 0x563660e0d000
>     arch_prctl(0x3001 /* ARCH_??? */, 0x7ffe02927540) = -1 EINVAL (Invalid argument)
>     mmap(NULL, 8192, PROT_READ|PROT_WRITE, MAP_PRIVATE|MAP_ANONYMOUS, -1, 0) = 0x7f33103d3000
>     access("/etc/ld.so.preload", R_OK)      = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
>     . . .
>     . . .
>     write(1, "Desktop    Downloads  Pictures\tP"..., 48Desktop    Downloads  Pictures	Public	Templates
>     ) = 48
>     write(1, "Documents  Music      Postman\tsn"..., 42Documents  Music      Postmansnap	Videos
>     ) = 42
>     
> from above example of calling `strace ls` , all the outputs are system calls.
> `execve - executes the program referred to by pathname`
> `brk - ets the end of the data segment to the value specified by addr`
> `mmap - reates a new mapping in the virtual address space`
> `write - writes data from a buffer declared by the user`
> 
> so the `strace` traced down all system calls during the lifetime of the process `ls`
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Page' href='https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/strace.1.html'># Strace — Linux manual page</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://strace.io/'>Strace Officaial Website</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Strace

`Strace` is an useful diagnsotic, debugging tool for unix based operating systems. It traces the system calls and signals a processs uses during its lifetime. And usually returns the name of the each system calls , its arguments and what it returned.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://strace.io/'>Strace Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Page' href='https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/strace.1.html'>Strace — Linux manual page</BadgeLink>
```
